AAC template revisions for consistency of pillar capitalization (#44)
MicrosoftDocs/content-templates: templates/org/aac/aac-article-title-content.md

Principal authors: > Only the primary authors. Listed alphabetically by last name. Use this format: Fname Lname. If the article gets rewritten, keep the original authors and add in the new one(s).

> - [Author 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
> - [Author 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Author 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
- [Author 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

- > Continue for each primary author (even if there are 10 of them).

Other contributors: > Include contributing (but not primary) authors, major editors (not minor edits), and technical reviewers. Listed alphabetically by last name. Use this format: Fname Lname. It's okay to add in newer contributors.

> - [Contributor 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
> - [Contributor 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Contributor 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
- [Contributor 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/in/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```
